https://codepen.io/dbrioli/pen/wvKwvxV

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

HTML tags designated to contain certain information, like contact information, article posts, header and footer, etc.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

Telling web browsers how to display information.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

An attribute is a parameter for a tag. It is put in the tag opening (<a href="xyz"></a> where href is an attribute of a.)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

The most important or "emphasized" heading. It probably should be used once, or a handful of times, depending on the site design.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

a, img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

Metadata (title, etc.)

    7. What is an id?

An attribute used in any html tag to give it an identifier, which can be used for styles, scripts, etc.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

Any.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Once.

    10. What is a class? 

A class is an identifier which can be added to multiple elements (it isn't unique like id)

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

Any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

As many times as there are elements.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

target="_blank" attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

Displays text when image doesn't load, or when mouse hovers over image.

    15. How do I reference an id?

Use a hash and the id name. #id_name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

A section is a logically grouped set of elements on a page that should be considered their own "section" of the page.
A div is just a generic grouping of child elements. They do not have any necessary relation except maybe from the style applied to them from their relation to div.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

Adding styles/moderate formatting to HTML content.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

An id is a unique identifier that can only be used once on a page. Example: id="top" can be used for a nav button that sends you to the top of the page.
A class is a group identifier that can be used many times per page. Example: class="birthday" can be used on elements that are related to a birthday style, maybe a color scheme of pastels, or brighter colors.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.class_name {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

parent > child

Or something like...

div > p {}

The above will select all p which have a div parent. It is useful when you want to adjust the style of children elements who match a parent criteria.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

div.sidebar a:link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

Defines a special state of an element, like a:hover, which defines the style to be used when a link is hovered over by the mouse.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div {

border-style: dotted;
border-color: black;

}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

*{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/* comment text here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm
It does not have an "undo" functionality.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

To backup files, to undo mistakes, to control code changes when working with a group of devs, etc.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

Preferably once, unless you need to make changes to something already uploaded to gh, or you are worried that you need external backup. Usually
gh commits are done when you want to merge changes to a master (or other) branch. So that would probably be when you are done with a "project" in
ls sprint cycles, i.e., daily.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Fork the project repo.
Add the TL as a collaborator in github.
Clone the repo to your local machine so it can be worked on. (Copy to clipboard from github.)
cd to the clone parent directory on your local machine.
$ git clone link.git
$ cd repo_dir
$ git checkout -b 'dan-brioli'
(work on the repo and make changes)
git add .
git commit -m "Commit message that explains what changes have been made"
git push -u origin branch-name (branch-name will be dan-brioli if using the above naming convention during git checkout)
Submit pull request on github since the changes should be up now.
	Go to your forked repo, click the branch dropdown, select your branch, and click New Pull Request.
	You will be redirected to the PR page.
	Do not click CREATE yet.
	Click the base repository dropdown, and change it to your forked repo instead of the LS repo.
	Add your TL as a reviewer.
	Submit the PR.
	Do not merge - this will be done by the TL after review.